Add "non-developer" PR category (#3309)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/merge-pr.html.md

If a change is ready to be reviewed but must wait to be merged for some other event, the title should be prefixed with `[Do not merge]`. A description of what the PR is waiting for should be included in the main description of the PR. When a change like this is reviewed, you can simply approve the PR. It's then up to the author to merge that PR when the correct conditions are met.

### A change from a non-developer

Some repositories, such as [smart-answers](https://github.com/alphagov/smart-answers), regularly have PRs opened by content designers, which usually only change text content. As the changes are often made individually through the GitHub UI, they tend to lead to PRs with lots of commits, each changing a single file at a time.

> These PRs aren't held to the same commit structure standard as we'd expect of developers. However, if there are a lot of 'fixup' commits, it might be tidier to use the "Squash and merge" option when merging, but making sure to retain any valuable context that may be in the individual commit messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These PRs aren't held to the same commit structure standard as we'd expect of developers and can have lots of 'fixup' style commits. As a technologist reviewing these changes you should not expect a non-developer to understand the commit message principles. If you feel the commit messages fall short of GDS standards you should resolve the issues yourself - you can use the "Squash and merge" feature on GitHub (to retain context) or rebase the commits yourself.
```
